# Philosopher's Stone

If there's one lesson that ~Fullmetal Alchemist~ Lavoisier teaches us, it's
that "Nothing is lost, nothing is created, everything is transformed." Or words
to that effect. This means that things will not vanish nor will they be created
as if by magic.

In programming, this concept is given the fancy name of 'trade-off', which
basically means the same thing: In life, we can't have everything. At least,
not at the same time nor out of nowhere. True in Lavoisierâ€™s time, this remains
so today. But, holy moly, sometimes our expectations for what we deserve in
life are surprisingly low. 

Where I come from, the first thing any technical support will ask you is if you
already tried to turn it off and on again. This *maneuver* is treated as
universal knowledge to the point people will prefer to lie to the assistant and
say they will try to do it once more rather than admit they forgot about it and
already wasted a regretful amount of time trying to tackle the problem in a
more reasonable way.

I think the shame here is not about how much time you spent with a useless
solution, nor how you are trying to tackle the problem in an overcomplicated
way. The shame is due to the fact that absolutely everyone expects that the
first thing you've tried is to turn the darn thing off, count to 5, and turn it
on again. And do you know what the most annoying aspect of it is? It works.
This is why it became universal knowledge. It works every single time.

And so, we, as humankind, simply start accepting that things can stop working
for no apparent reason. And when this happens, the only reasonable way to solve
it is by turning them off and then on again. "That's just the way things are;
for some obscure reason, they can behave in the most random manner."

It doesn't matter how much knowledge we have acquired in life, or how smart or
how creative we are. When something stops working unexpectedly, or even worse,
when it works but in a really weird and unpredictable way, we sooner rather
than later end up just accepting it. At some point, everyone will just give up.
And even if one really cares, one will rapidly forget about it: there are
things more urgent to occupy us in our modern life.

However, for some of us, the problem is much closer to home - as close as the
next door, or the elevator, I should say.

https://www.technologyreview.com/2023/02/14/1067869/rust-worlds-fastest-growing-programming-language/

